well, that's all I hope you
do you think I'm fine today
find for a new video it's
for a video here we are first to
the screen I made myself 6 years and 5 months
with a very very easy technique and
very simple it is for this public samoa
and it takes a lot of things because
there when I win a small total of 270
Alexia so it's really not bad gold
these techniques it is composed 1 2 16
giant after savary a goblin but he
must always put goblins even if
you do not like and goblins really the
level 5
it's curious goblins sin troops that
everyone hates but I find myself
that it is a killing simply
but do not mix it all alone
kind good crazy goblins sure he
do not be totally con but I
mean giant with I'm not how many
goblins what's going goblins not that
it's a big mistake guys then
this technique would be usable at
all levels even at the low level she
is even favorable you can win
a lot to the sources went up very quickly
in addition the thing that happens is that
spare g 225000 gold and I'm not getting
attack I do not fuck anyone
but defense so have already noted some
cities level nine in four days
finally in a few days and 22 hours
like that
so we will attack live and I will
show you my little technique detects
so times I times I tac city
black lichihara and sometimes with finally
sometimes I size for x places
where they times I attack for when there is
a lot of resources excuse me
some friends a tiny bug but
that's me sending messages
kind of yeah in your videos any bug
it's a bit boring at camp studio 1
but the guys when you did 4000
of audio and tourcoing it's a bit of a
ass and if we see the discretion but
I never improve a little in my
account goes to buggy to better
express myself because I was raised in
the six to take back the French language
a little bit hard good there I block a little
wild worry not everything is fine
so here I wanted to do an ellipse
but no where do I fall and
I was just going to click in the menu
for alain terrenne ellipses and you
look at what are the guys that's
pleasure we really do it really
pleasure it's amazing there I saw 440
miles
but I happened to me no, but me
I attack 700000 also on Thursday that
in seriously when I saw that but
I really had a stress shot
I have not really stressed I try to
keep calm because the more we
more stress to the king farted a cable we go
do anything we will attack
like shit
so here I see all the people on the
up so I did not know where to attack
I attacked by that you will see if
I managed to reapply a lot of gold I
you say nothing I do not say more then
to tell you the effervescence of my
chain bat command machine and or
so I have to win
I'm not sure bound born three subscribers
so it makes me happy
I had only 18 seen I won three
subscribers are masons my video this pitbull
hey I'm not lying to you with 216 subscribers
I expected it with a little more
view but it's only 20 hours that I
let me go then maybe it's going a bit
boosted because I have a few fans
dead I do not even know why maybe
because I stopped during
a few
few months but worry that
resumes I make videos every day
I will try to make videos each
day check of the day if I can not get to
do them so there I answer style a
yesterday is really posthumous jean
today here is so here you have
saw then I did not sting all and then I
pique 350000 big hall 1 I find that
150 but then here I go thoams
errors have me rouabah king of the barbarians
because I soon have that moment 780
789 elections black I calculated well that
you are here quiet good go me I
you leave you can always down
subscribe to my youtube channel but
work that we will share this video
account and if you loved it and I I
you bah say to the next people